can
Go Away
King Yan Inu, your husband has passed away
Next month's fight will be a championship match
Are you still involved?
If you don't participate
Your tea
The belt here is about to be given away
My sister is the leading fighting king in Dragon City
How could he possibly give up the game?
Start today.
I will officially retire
What what to retire
husband
I will definitely raise our children well.
Ah take a deep breath
Take a deep breath, the road is betrayed
Ah!
Doctor, please save my child
Don't save him
Is he just dead?
I'm so sad.
But the hospital has rules
I really can't forget that I have to borrow everything you can
I'm out of money, please, please, please
There's nothing I can do.
Yes, I am Brother Li Ming
You beg him
Hahaha doctor
Doctor
Miss Yan is a little princess
I still have three moles on my arm
Your daughter
It's healthy.
Ah, Miss Yan's daughter is so beautiful
Yeah mom is a boxer
Uncle is the president of the countryside
This kid
Born with a golden key in his mouth, right?
Mom can only do this
Save your life
Ah!